Documentation for my IoT open Tech webhook template integration (#878)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/integrations/cloud-integrations/my-iot-open-tech/_index.md

---
title: "my IoT open Tech"
description: ""
weight:
---

> my IoT open Tech is an IoT platform, developed on top of ThingsBoard Community Edition (Open Source), with a user-centered design.

Reviewer: can you link some kind of resource for ThingsBoard Community Edition? just so that the user that reads this doesn't have any inclarities about which platform exactly that is, and so that he doesn't have to google it up on his own

Author: Thanks @nejraselimovic 
I have included a link to ThingsBoard and accepted all your other suggestions.
Kind regards

Users can store and chart the telemetries from their devices, configure their features, and manage alarms.

my IoT open Tech development is a non-profit community effort open to everybody willing to contribute to an open, free and neutral IoT platform focused on social, educational and community use cases.

<!--more-->

Visit [my IoT open Tech Documentation](https://www.doc.my.iotopentech.io/) for detailed documentation.

## Prerequisites

1. A [compatible device](https://www.doc.my.iotopentech.io/supported-devices.html) already configured in {{% tts %}}. If you want to use a different device type, please consider contributing to our [Github repository](https://github.com/IoTopenTech/myIoTopenTech).

> 2. If not yet registered, an email address to register a new account on [my IoT open Tech](http://iotopentech.io/register.php).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. A user account on [my IoT open Tech](http://iotopentech.io/register.php).
```

> ## Register a client account in my IoT open Tech

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Register a Client Account in my IoT open Tech
```

Use your web browser to open [my IoT open Tech registration page](http://iotopentech.io/register.php).

> Write you email address and press the **SEND** button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write you email address and press the **SEND** button.
```

{{< figure src="myiotopentech_register_account.png" alt="Register my IoT open Tech client account" >}}

After a few seconds, a new page will appear showing the **access token** of your Control Device in my IoT open Tech. Please keep this token safe. You will need it later.

{{< figure src="myiotopentech_access_token.png" alt="Keep your access token safe" >}}

Check your email inbox for a ThingsBoard account activation message, and click on the **Activate Your Account** button.

{{< figure src="myiotopentech_activate_your_account.png" alt="Activate your account email message" >}}

Next, you will be asked to choose a password and write it twice.

{{< figure src="myiotopentech_create_password.png" alt="Choose a password for your my IoT open Tech account" >}}

> Finally press the **Create a password** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally press the **CREATE PASSWORD** button.
```

> You will be redirected to the my IoT open Tech **Home** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will be redirected to the my IoT open Tech **HOME** page.
```

{{< figure src="myiotopentech_home_page.png" alt="my IoT open Tech Home page" >}}

> ## Create and configure your device in my IoT open Tech

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create and Configure Your Device in my IoT open Tech
```

> Click on the **Dashboards** option, and then on the **Configuración** panel to open the **Configuración** dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on the **DASHBOARDS** option on the left hand menu, and then on the **Configuración** panel to open the **Configuración** dashboard.
```

{{< figure src="myiotopentech_configuracion_dashboard.png" alt="The Configuración dashboard" >}}

In the central panel **ACTIVOS Y DISPOSITIVOS**, click on **ROOT** to open the configuration dialog box of your root asset.

> Navigate to the **CREAR** tab, write a name for your device, choose the **Device** type, choose the model of your device (in our example LHT65), and press the **Crear** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to the **CREAR** tab, write a name for your device, choose the **Device** type, choose the model of your device (in our example LHT65), and press the **CREAR** button.
```

{{< figure src="myiotopentech_create_device.png" alt="Create your new device" >}}

The new created device will appear in the central panel nested below the **ROOT** asset.

Click on your new device to open its configuration dialog box.

> Navigate to the **CONFIGURAR** tab, unfold the **Device EUI** section, write the Device EUI of your device (this value is available in {{% tts %}} console), and press the **Configurar** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to the **CONFIGURAR** tab, unfold the **Device EUI** section, write the Device EUI of your device (this value is available in your end device's overview page in {{% tts %}} Console under **DevEUI**), and press the **CONFIGURAR** button.
```

{{< figure src="myiotopentech_configure_deviceeui.png" alt="Configure the Device EUI of your device" >}}

## Configure {{% tts %}}

After finishing my IoT open Tech setup, use the **my IoT open Tech** [Webhook template]({{< ref "/integrations/webhooks/webhook-templates" >}}) to create a Webhook integration on {{% tts %}}.

> To integrate, you only need to fill out the **Webhook ID** field with a desired value, and provide the **access token** of your my IoT open Tech Control device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To integrate, you only need to fill out the **Webhook ID** field with a desired value, and provide the **access token** of your my IoT open Tech Control Device.
```

> {{< note >}} You got your Control Device Access Token after registering your my IoT open Tech client account, but it is also available in the **Devices** panel of the **Home** page (click on your Control device and press the **COPY ACCESS TOKEN** button. {{</ note >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note >}} You got your Control Device's access token after registering your my IoT open Tech client account. If you haven't copied it upon registration, navigate to **HOME** panel on the left hand menu in my IoT open Tech, then to **DEVICES**, select your Control Device and press the **COPY ACCESS TOKEN** button. {{</ note >}}
```

{{< figure src="myiotopentech_webhook_template.png" alt="my IoT open Tech webhook template" >}}

> ## Monitoring your data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Monitoring Your Data
```
